-Java interfaces are used to decouple the interface of some component from the implementation.
In other words, to make the classes using the interface independent of the classes implementing the interface.
Thus, you can exchange the implementation of the interface, without having to change the class using the interface.


-If you need to separate an interface from its implementation, use an interface.
If you also need to provide a base class or default implementation of the interface,
add an abstract class (or normal class) that implements the interface.

-http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java/interfaces-vs-abstract-classes.html
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-Abstract Classes are more expensive to use because they are classes

Abstract classes can have constants, members, method stubs (methods without a body) and defined methods,
whereas interfaces can only have constants and methods stubs.

Methods and members of an abstract class can be defined with any visibility,
whereas all methods of an interface must be defined as public (they are defined public by default).

When inheriting an abstract class, a concrete child class must define the abstract methods,
whereas an abstract class can extend another abstract class and abstract methods from
the parent class don't have to be defined.

Similarly, an interface extending another interface is not responsible for
implementing methods from the parent interface. This is because interfaces cannot define any implementation.

A child class can only extend a single class (abstract or concrete),
whereas an interface can extend or a class can implement multiple other interfaces.

A child class can define abstract methods with the same or less restrictive visibility,
whereas a class implementing an interface must define the methods with the exact same visibility (public).

-https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1913098/what-is-the-difference-between-an-interface-and-abstract-class
-http://www.dotnetbull.com/2011/11/difference-between-abstract-class-and.html